Okay, let's see, I'm really asking you to give your
opinion on what's happening with
surfing and Dallas. Well, if you want, not to
just get involved in the fight and the
problems they have between
two critics,
let's just say it's not my job and it's just another topic
of salt or what has happened these
days. I'm not going to give you my opinion
as respectfully as I can, okay, and
what I think, I would like them to
get along, the truth is, I would like them to
get along because one
is a friend and the other is a person who
is a partner who is also a
colleague and with whom I have been
talking for many years and the truth is that
before I start with the video I have to
tell you something, let's see, don't
think that I'm going to change your life in
any of that, they just took it as
something quite practical and
quite comfortable and why not from time
to time it will make you smile and it's that
if I'm like me and
often buy in online stores, this will come in
very handy the next time you go to
buy something online, do one thing, come
to this video first.  and click on the
link that I'm going to leave in the
description and you will enter the led and what
will refund you a part of what
you buy is more than 3,000 stores and
also the main stores James
Media Markt El Corte Inglés
Douglas surely your
usual stores are in the eti shop and
simply by buying through the
link or having downloaded the extension
for the browser or will be
returning a part of the money with
gasteiz on your purchases
sometimes they will give us 4% other times
6 and when they get high which
happens very often up to 40% before
finishing tell you one thing and that the
hundreds and you have been disappointed this
mention I already told you that it was not going to change your
life but from time to time or it will bring
a smile when you see in your
account five or ten twenty or thirty
extra euros entered for the edition it is
very simple you have the line in the
description to register or even easier it
is installed in the extension with
the I left in the second link in the
fiscal description there is the extension in
our browser whenever you buy you
will have it active so never  you forget
okay when you're entering your
favorite stores this dandruff will be applied to you
ok
so nothing then nobody is bitter about
a sweet it's not always good to
get back a little of the money you spend I
don't know why not so you're
already taking too long link in the
description of the shame it makes me sad how
this has gone wrong because really the
south
and he got to get along
they got to get along to
the point to such a point that
Dallas has my phone because that [ __ ]
South gave it to him without my permission evildoer
you will remember that you gave him the phone
[ __ ] to stay not even whatsapp the
best thing about it was that Dallas
wanted to talk to me I think it was that
day that the director says crying and
he spoke to me on waze it is that the phone
that he had in confidence they did not have a relationship they
were cordial in fact I
also remember that
the south has videos where Dallas is
in the chat of his live it makes me very
sorry that they can't be seen well I understand that
this action heated I understand the
heated station and what I see that  do it for
now whoever of the two thinks has made the
biggest mistake with the other should take
a step to fix it okay and
this doesn't mean that one can't
criticize the other and nothing like that because
at the end of the day
we are here for Pink Habitat there is no
need for respect I'm going to say the
points that I think
Emmanuel thank you very much guys and the
points that I think are worth it for each one
and then they can do what they want
and talk let's see the first thing I did
yesterday was talk to one of the two or
both of them to try to listen to what the
sea or talk about it tomorrow more relaxed it
turns out that surfing is good Dallas
mentioned it in a live broadcast not with a
regime if I'm wrong right he
mentioned it in a live broadcast the south makes a
reaction to that live broadcast and then a video
for the main channel responding to him and
then Dallas gives a strike to one
of those two videos that's how it is no what
happened no in the first place I have to
say about the south of the south what I say is that let's
see Dallas maybe I don't know to
see all his videos no and when  you see
critics who may have spoken badly
of him at some point, well he puts
everything in the same bag, not in the way that in case
this one has said terrible things about me, he
slanders me, I don't know that the south, you have to
be clear about one thing, the thing with
things as they are, slander does
not slander, it is
disrespectful because he does not try that it is not worth it, that
lack of respect is not usually
quite lukewarm in fact
then Dallas could never tell him
that he has not been told not to
use him, not because he has been told to,
but he uses him to put him on the same
level as maybe the pitiful channels
and things like that, no, it is not
the same level, it is not the same
level because the south, it is true that he
may be more inclined to one side or the
other but at least he disrespects us,
then within what he says, of
the criticisms he makes, he may be more in
favor or more against what he did, which
may seem like sometimes he says
some stupid things, how can we be successful,
but they are disrespectful, as far as I
remember, no, on the other hand, I have
done it with an extra and I would not have
settled it and you already  you know that I of this
whole issue of putting extra and that I
consider that it is not worth it that they are not that we should not
put xtrail okay that never in
fact I have always criticized when they have
tried to have videos that in fact
what has happened on this occasion is worth the
first well some things I am going to
say clearly the bet on the strike because you
know that it will not beat the channel the bet
of stress because I already tell you that if
what it is is extracted because I
know it at ease two couples that I do not know
that if of that extra and it depends and it gives to his
channel he does not throw it away he does not throw it away and he takes it
away because no because that is to
remove the license from the grave of the channel
to nobody in fact I love the south I think that
well it is the recognized one in his live
today that heard that the stress is
well placed in quotes okay the
stress is well placed because he has taken
and has started to react and to upload to
his channel a content that is paid which is what
happens with that that if there is salsa
with that subject and people want to see it let's
see what Dallas has said
then them  it sucks a little that people go
and subscribe to dallas's tweet channel
no then the south has reacted to
a paid content dude it's me who am
his friend who I trust him and
if one day I don't ask his permission he's not
going to say okay it's me and every time I
see that I'm going to react here because I have
taken videos and relationships of
paid content you know it right and I almost
always ask him hey this this
paid you have it paid for something can I
react and he told me he doesn't react
then sucks he ate them from the meals
because you or I put up with the one we
gave to the la
remember the one we gave to the wing the
day that I would be your live and the minimum that you
told us that he was reacting
and summarizing a paid content of yours
then it's there and what
the south said is that at that time it was
public it was not public it was because it
was live still be the darlas you
have it well the same as me that
automatically when a
when the live ends it becomes
paid so if you are people 'not
in quotes that we will go to  that people
'no and on top of that he's using his content
man as the best strike because he himself
said so
[Music]
I think if he talks to them and talks
to whatever I think that will take away
the heat that was last night I think it will
take it away but I also tell you
I also tell you that it has been put on him because he knows
that the channel is not going to be down that he is
not going to be loyal and face to anyone or
anything like that regarding the
hate issue edited let's see the south I don't know one of the
things that the south can't complain about that they
put extra and he can say or rather
that he throws video censorship at me
the south knows very well that we have
had a lot of content based on it
in fact the south one of the strongest times
before this one that is having
good but the other good time that he had
was a couple of years ago when he became
super pan visited super pan visited that we
all said it and he dedicated himself to
reacting to all the videos of dallas
from the anime to everything and what he
did was the sugar in the corner he was
listening to the videos and reacting he
said some  little things about the videos and
that was under the audio, he didn't touch anything, he
shows it as always, I
mean, as we always were, always,
and on top of that, he put a thumbnail as if it
were the almost original video, which seems like
the original video and he never threw a
video, I think it led him to say,
listen to me, churras, and he's going to make
reactions, at least by your face, the
thumbnail was because he's receiving the
content, putting 3 or 4 minutes more on it and
the thumbnail is
the thumbnails, it seems like it's the
original video, okay, so in that sense, the
south can't complain, he's eaten a lot of
meat at the expense, right? He throws it away now
because there comes a time when he touches it, he
supports it, to
arrive that I've lost problems
with his, let's see with me, not with me, not
between the two of them, I have a problem with neither of them,
I commented here what I think because it
should apply, but as if I had
something to do with it now that I'm going to give my
opinion because that's what happened today,
no
[Music]
in fact, the camera there was something that makes me
very sorry, I don't know why
that happened, it's that it's started to
take more than a year now that they've
gone from cordiality
to  a year ago getting along badly okay
I understand that the sun
if it is not there if it does not agree with
things that you do given the position that
if you have them and each one but there is a lack of more
respect we are all in the right of our
opinion and that is what there is to know but
one thing is that and another thing is that
wing mich uploads a video uploads a lot of videos
where in the video it is
made out that he asks for photos of
minors he is made out as an abuser and
with the pimp and puts a tweet saying
that the video is very well structured
that it is very difficult Xalapa has to
refute that video to that tweet churra and
with me you have it with me you have it to me he
puts that on me with him he has it I think that we have to
put a little bit too people
each one insist is the south has
something in their videos and I am
also trying to follow that path and it is that
we are trying to make salt be a
little healthier you no a little more
so that they accept us without
disrespect and everything you want no but
yes it is true that sometimes without realizing it he
could say things that
could have bothered he
has a cordiality with him  There's been
a time when you were in the two of them,
one and the other going through your
live giving each other beats because I've seen
Dallas in his brother's chat
last year for choosing me if I'm
wrong and I've seen the south in it,
Dallas' beats were
born a year ago, a year ago I
couldn't say what date
exactly and why, a year ago
yes it's true that the south has
nothing that today it's okay for you to have an opinion but there are
also half ts between Villel and
Dallas who is much bigger also I
think you can reconcile the greatest
attempt and so on he doesn't want to, yesterday I
tried to talk and if they don't want to
why not not talk, it seems to me that it seems
to me that it's a
[ __ ] [ __ ] that whoever believes they
have to give in first speaks,
that he should speak and that this can be
fixed in five minutes of talking, you know
but I have one thing about the south that if he
has noticed it I tell him with all the
love that I have for him, he knows that he knows
that I don't have it against him  you're welcome that in
my partner we are in fact going to the
tests I refer the south does the same
as I do video net of main the
direct the disasters because I
helped him and then I will be my first
donation smiling faces thank you very much to
see that I have helped him and
he has helped me too that we for
throwing in our faces that we are colleagues of
many years that we are friends
many intimate things but his colleagues
we have respect but he has to
recognize me he cannot deny that he has a
large part of the audience that is very
hater our
is very strong I do not know where the
audience mayonnaise comes from and based on that and Elsa gets
a little carried away on some
occasions okay for example the one of a
green one from a year ago I have seen
the south making fun of that believe me making fun
of the fairy and putting things like what I just
said okay with me no because man it would
be good if the south messed with me
knowing the relationships with turbo
but turbo became more of a hater of course
but look knowing what the difference is
I think that he I think that he his brother
is a person who  he understands things
you can explain to him he's not like the
typical hater like these
pathetic channels that try to turn
things around and clutch at straws
for a tub of [ __ ]
he understands I talk about all
the topics in private and he understands and
reasons and knows so many times
when I see him he accepts me this [ __ ] and
these things I don't understand that he can
do whatever he wants it's that I don't get involved
in the opinions of
others or half a mind in work
others or anything is worth it they are just
fighting in public and I tell
one that I am against the subject
totally against because then a
shot in the foot for when you want to
complain that he has a video of you the
south is contaminated with the birth angel
I am not going to talk about the author my
relationship with the term I am
talking and I am not going to talk so please do
not get involved and [ __ ] because there are people there are
people who are very shitty yesterday for
example I saw the piece of del sur the
video that he threw because
a kid has it uploaded here and I saw it and there were
people who came to me  to stir up [ __ ]
telling me the truth he said that
Dallas didn't
say that right what he said was what he
said was something like part of my
audience is part of his too it's like that it's
[ __ ] denying it doesn't
mean that I gained my
audience based on him or that I owe it
to him obviously I already had 200,000
subscribers before talking to him
but it is true that there are a lot of
people here who are stationery stores that they
call you it's not nonsense it's nonsense
okay the thing is that the south for a year now well
I'm seeing it a lot
if he makes fun of anything when he
agrees with
Dallas that if he makes fun of secret and
humiliates her
but I really don't think that the south
dislikes him or gives him the all and they think I don't know
why you do it he understands me and yes it's
true that yes it's true that he appeals a
little and that maybe he doesn't realize
but maybe he's following that it doesn't
mean that the PSE's audience is like
that okay he has very good people in
his  audience that shares with me doesn't
want everyone to be like that okay
but he has a lot of the falcon the
other day the other day he made a video
supporting me with one of the attacks that they
made against me and he had to remove the
comments that the video was losers
and he had to remove the comments god do
you think that's normal but if
this happened to me I would say something is wrong yes it
is true that he is not responsible
for what people post
so I am responsible for what they do
more than saying here is the video
etc
more than telling people what he
said but man I see that this he
realizes the most happened when I uploaded his
live when I uploaded that I would
love to do things with him
I told him to do a post here the two of us together
about the salsa singer I don't know what I don't know how much
and we can't we can't because I upload
there and the chat is poison
the chat is pure poison the psuv here here does
not pass south and that is to the site and I am
saying it how things are I am
saying things as they are I go to the
southern channel and the chat becomes poison
removing the aeb and  applying to heaven and
removing three or four
and that's what he was referring to
when he had to stick to
disabled comments here and I do see
that he I don't know if intentionally or
unintentionally but he appeals a
little to that audience okay today for
example one thing that killed with his
balls and I'm going to say who public
olive was saying is because I was talking
to him before but it's that I just
realized now south that's why I'm telling you
here it turns out that this is a turkey
okay this a turkey who is the typical
sick guy from twitter okay but the typical sick sick sick guy
from twitter who
is still calling me dogs
calling me everything look
okay here in the south simply what has
happened with giving long and all that and
the turkey answers him step that you give to two
new bulls dogs he is not calling me a
dog that I am a dog and if we look
here for the name of the turkey
this to put things that I see okay
this turkey has been insulting me for years
look
years calling me dogs calling me
everything
okay a sick man and man look here
complaining that the blocks and men
that I go to this turkey's account
and I see that a colleague of mine follows them
because the truth is,
host
and like this because I've seen like this
Zara is on the clock people
hello javi on Tuesday it will be
my mother's last chemo I'm making a video
with images to surprise
her I left you a text on instagram
right an account with them then I'll
look at them tomorrow don't worry then it's
partly his fault partly no
partly it's his fault his fault no
because yes it's true that he
often says hey what habits we are friends we
are colleagues I don't know what I don't know how much
but a little zizur a little if it doesn't
occur to me it doesn't occur to me to follow
an account that is calling you these
things a softie if he tells me it's another
youtube and you have another fight with others
imagine that he gives the agile insults each other
there you know I but even going to an
account that is dedicated to oil arme
and he knows he knows that these things happen
on his channel he doesn't get on base that really
no  I know based on what he and this one pointing out
nothing or anything I don't know based on what he but I
know that he stayed a few months ago here he
has an audience that hates me
and I do what I took to Dallas and to the
alada and
tremendous things or this account look
let's put this account the da
look
here it calls the Dallas mascot
here I am still the Dallas mascots
but they have few of nothing but these are things
that are seen then if this is the car
that with this then if you know that they
have this audience that appeals a little to
the audience because in fact they give it a
follow from time to time and the whole thing
is that each one in the end is a job has to
eat and hey if it's what suits you
and that's what it is then he's not going to
throw it away but see they are giving ball
duck thank you very much
[Music]
so on the part of Dallas
if I am not Dallas and I am seeing
that suddenly you who have eaten a lot of
meat because we cannot deny that that I am
not saying what he has said is to give them that
well that was said by the Dalai  I don't know if it doesn't
overflow that I don't agree with
what he said is to give him good ones are those of
Bordalás who said that someone said that
something someone said that
the south if you leave it is the sensor of the south
right now what has happened is that it
started to do well a few months ago
and then it also connected with the fact that
the reborn theme did well and now he is
with those themes that are very good for them and
I of my book no and I don't think he would die
yes if he didn't talk about Dallas but I
want what I want and if I am yes I
am Dallas
and I am seeing myself a person who has
complete reactions and videos and video and
video towards Asia of me taking my thing out of
me because he made a tremendously
long series with many visits where he
added a few more minutes commenting and
put the thumbnail as if it were an
original video that well okay he allowed it
then he listened to him he said one
thing or another not to agree with him it is because I
myself
for example I do not agree with
some of the things he has said I do not
agree with that it is said see go
to  report they did not report the one who gives
three points and those things no
thanks daniel thank you very much
where the three points are not something
that I each one who sees what comes out
of their balls knows yes it is true that
if his live with his subscribers is
saying to give it three points
because I do not recommend it
his followers are saying it to those who visited them no longer do
not say those things because of
tradition his followers are
telling his followers to block a
content where where they are against him I do
not see it crazy I
am watching a channel that says things
against me that yes then the south gives
one of lime and one of sand because there are
things in which he does agree things that he does
not but there are things in which he does
not agree that are serious like for example
saying it the wind michu blue sky'
maybe he believes he believes and I
say this with all due respect maybe he
believes that saying host the
Huicho video is very well structured maybe
he believes that saying that is
neutral and maybe you are not thinking about
what in
what  that video that you're saying
is well structured and that it's
difficult to dismantle, he's
being accused of very strong things
so if I you if I although I had a
cordial relationship with you, I'll give you two
steaks
we have a good vibe from one day to the
next I see that you're against me on
several issues that you mess with my friends that you
follow on account that they put
barbarities on me honey thank you
very much sweetheart I
didn't throw a video if he reacts it's that of
course the content was
paid and it's not and that says the south of
but it was public no that's not like that
because we're going before coming here to
talk about looking and this kid who
has the video uploaded
look here too the sun
this is not that it was public the
video of dallas you don't see it you're not going to
see
this I don't know if you see it it's not that
the video was public the dallas
this is someone who recorded his
screen and passed it secretly to the
south has zero views online this is
someone on his team who passed him the
video then you do
n't have a grade it wasn't public the video
was not public if maybe it was done by a
person who more  or less but I'm telling you
now there are times and I'm not going to say everything
because there are things that I also
keep to myself to talk about privately
but there are times that there are times that the one who
spilled oil if there is a crime there are times
that I don't know why I don't know if suddenly
he changed his mind based on him
no it wasn't public south it wasn't
public if it was public it was the moment
no well nothing but because tweets when
you cancel it's that look it's so simple he
wants to upload he wants to upload see
surely here is the south and Esther
dada because where they usually pass by
here until now if you are both
upload it I'm not going to talk about it because the
truth is that it's [ __ ] but look it
's as simple as
these these didn't go off topic not because he just
uploaded a video it's as simple
as if it was public because you
need this recorded
and even I'm telling you I don't blame him for the
audience he has although there are times that
maybe he has been able to
appeal to her a little without realizing it or I don't know
but a little yes I'm telling you this about
you continuing on account even if it's so you feel like it I
'm nobody
but I  an account that is
calling you a dog, I don't know how much, I don't
give it an
extract follow or what it is, it's like
that because it's always more comfortable
and such a
reaction obviously it has the spray
that cannot be seen but I bought it at
the public subscriber stands,
thanks and I have it, I have the files, it seems
strange to me that it was public
but well if you say so I have no
reason to doubt you but well if it was
public for a few minutes it is strange to me
that it was public because this thing about you
that well maybe I'm wrong because I
'm new I don't know how it works but you the video the
live shows automatically I have it
configured so that they can be for
subscribers
and he always always always has it he has it he has it
but it's nonsense god what I
see is that the strike I would not
go with a strike
you already know that I would not go I had
said cucha he lowers that it is paid
as we told the wing at the time
but I also understand his part and
this is not to say that it is oil or that it is
disrespectful or that it is at the level of
other channels of the channels this of the
wing the focus and that is what this  level
when he has said things that could have
hurt unintentionally maybe or because they
were pushing you away in the chat, know
but but
no,
I don't get involved, I didn't get involved or giving my
opinion, I never got involved in
your things but man,
you you know, you know, you know, you know, you know
that you know that your
gestures, norm, an account of 73 followers
that I have a lot, they pass it on, it doesn't matter, it doesn't matter,
you will know but man,
a little if you capellate that audience,
lack of respect and gave your opinion, I don't have to
be there, I don't
owe him allegiance, he doesn't give him allegiance,
but this one like that to a person with whom
you get along, it is allowed to
use his content for what you have come
out of, support because that like that, know
why that like that, you know if you are going to put
a tweet and there are no longer several
valuable things, name does it by heart, I don't
know myself by heart or even that you have
had but man, understand, occasion,
heat, I sincerely look, it is not
because of my position in the middle one in the other
that the first thing I did last night was and
the other
do not put strike, that is not right that I do not
know that I do not know  how much and I hope you talk
talk about it
if you don't want to study
says that I have a lot
but what else can I do first
tell them to treat everyone with respect
put the nickname mode is when I'm in a
state talking about any topic that I know
that the Balearic
even to remove the comments I
can in a way be careful with what I
say and the values ​​​​of the
audience and what I incited them I let them
visit but then I tell him
before subscribing to my channel because I
tell him if it has been done a thousand times that they
are not my audience but that he wants not the
'popular' with a gun to the head you know
if we are responsible for what they
say third
we are not responsible and here
comes an [ __ ] insults of course
not and more than we say do not insult
someone the bans arise I do not know that we
always say it okay
but think a little because it will be because it will be that he
has all these
an idea like that how stupid it occurs to me
what could I do in not following
this type of people
an idea is like that it occurs to me like that
lightly it is an idea where I [ __ ] him
for  example
the time following you it was time to
donate to my favorite podcast greetings
from Los Angeles in and in original jpg
and MJ Weaver and thank you very much
thank you very much
[Music]
but that's what I think I think that the man
who brings them on this occasion
a little if it's a little yes he has put it on you
because he knows that he won't beat the
channel and under the live shows or anything like
that otherwise you don't put it on me I'll just put it on you
[Music]
and regarding the pique you have you can
talk I don't know who considers what I
consider what I have to take the
first step to
talk about it there is a cordiality that is
extracted and it doesn't mean that you have to agree with him
or that he agrees with you
in everything or anything or rather if I myself don't agree with him I know
in his colleague when
things seem good to me it seems to me that they are going to
seem bad because of which
I am never going to be that to me a video is that the
video because it is a video of the video of
whip michu that you know that video
with the intention that it was and is saying
that everything I tell him in 2017 is
true when you know it's not true
and you take you put a tweet
it's very difficult to dismantle the video he can't
put a gun to him but javi you
always set a limit and here
whoever it is gets a ban if he is
disrespectful that's the right thing to
think because I thought why not
he can't deny us today and he will continue
here still he can't deny me that
he knows that his audience like that he knows
that he knows he knows that I went up with him
on a live and he knows that they have put me
in the chat atrocities even if it's not a
comment well he knows that he
started reacting to one of my videos and he
can't either he knows that he knows that the
other day it was a video supporting me that I
thank him from the bottom of my heart because the truth is I
needed it and he had to remove the
comments I didn't get to see the
comments
but look at you ghosts and thank you very much
look at you that he made a video for me because they
were doing something really pretty to me they were
doing something to me water laugh
sima what the [ __ ] what complaints would there be
from people that the south
was me  supporting when what they
were doing to me was gorgeous
and he had to post and had to remove the
comments I don't want to even imagine the
nonsense that they would put there
the kids we are the
healthiest and sexiest community
sometimes a sexist crisis but it is required you already have an
opinion that obviously the south
I do not consider him to be a
stupid person who turns things around
to get off his donkey I know that he
understands things because we have talked
about the moves the controversies a million
times and that you can not put him at the
level for example the things that
turbo plano did that he had plans he grabbed some
moves and some things that were like
turbo plan he got like that he went and I do not
call him a pedophile because the voice was of a
child in the song but that the child had already
grown up he did not improve like that he said
obviously I do not get involved with
anyone's opinion or conditions or say
my opinion is what is worth yours no
but man there are things just put yourself
when when when something happens to me
with someone always what I do
is I am going to put myself in the other's place I
go  to put myself in the other's place to see
what I would do he has
fallen he has fallen the
Canarian director direct
we return we return efe efe we ​​were there we are
guys we are there what I
feel is that what I
always do
for some time now what I have
learned to do is what would I do I
put myself in the other's place to
realize if I am making a mistake not what would
I do in the other's place
and I already told you in them I do not support I do not
support that they give you a strike
nor do I support that they tell you that whoever gives you
three points and that your channel is not
recommended knows but I always think
about that
what would I do what would I continue
writing to a person who has
profited from my content because that is
a reality okay uncomfortable not uncomfortable
we have to recognize that both you and
I have not achieved much from their
content okay so you you put yourself
in their place and say let's see what I would do if
a person who has earned a lot of
money
based on my content okay why no longer to give an
opinion directly based on the
content
hello sur I take this opportunity to ask you  of
why in your beginnings you always agreed with
Dallas to the point of calling you
being bread orally or his miles
south around here that he answers
you think that what would I do if a
person that you I had that you know that
profited a lot from your content
with the casting in a cordial relationship
directly from the al usually has a
good relationship if you gave him my phone number
well has several with him
and now then and I see you saying one day I get involved
with the da that you get involved coslada
not because you fall marco nothing because what he
was making fun of nothing was because he
was supporting the al dallas in something not
about what it was but two or three tweets
the next day they don't believe what he says
no it doesn't matter if it matters here if someone
messes with you sortu knows that they
jump at your neck there is
nothing but nothing that his pet and he
thinks that his pet that we can't
mess with her if someone messes
with you that I'm going to the neck
in my opinion is that I am wrong
in my opinion that he was wrong but to me
above all what I think he has felt
worse is that you  you say that the
video is a saying it is very well
structured that it is difficult to improve
literally what could propose something
like I love you the video win michu takes it out
or it was very well structured to
the imposed it is going to have a difficult time from
Alabama wait for the answer pata well it is
normal that now
and there will be more things well it is normal that
now if you take makes a comment about
you of 10 seconds in a live dream
that is paid and you take and you
react to them in your face straw [ __ ]
Cecilio I am not saying that do
not distort jsme my words not the
thesis essays I am not saying that
because I have eaten from his videos in
relation to his videos I have to give him the
reason as long as of course not
but one thing is not to give him the reason this
support I do not think it is to give it should have
gotten into the category of host I do
not think that he should have told him
this about the parties to the blond or rather well
I do not think that he was going to go to a
stalker one thing that you say that and
another thing that you say time the video
is well said it is very  structured how are you
going to clean up a video dude where he is
accused of being an abuser
that I already told you that I also do not like
the extras and I do not think
that they extract it and I put myself at the height of the
level of other haters you know but I was
thinking about it seeing what
was happening I said yes let's see I do
not know if I have something to finish with the
extract this
min that says well I do not see anything
wrong with it me too well whip michu's video I
thought it was very well structured of
course it was well structured yes I
also think it is well
structured like surely the
script was written by the lawyer but one
thing that you think you
are a random and another thing is that
a youtuber who has influence says it
because we know that what we that
we always throws a
little stick into the fire how are you going to
clean up a video like that where
the person is being accused of something like that
he thinks that saying a good point
for each one
is the neutral and neutral on the part of
wing of neutral passes of his
first video being neutral against those for making
private paid videos speaking ill of
others and that when you respond to him he puts
a strike things are  They say straight out
that gymnastics is
bad for Dallas for letting them
upload their video privately where they send him a beat and
he responds that not even the live one and
I directed to him
that he doesn't have to be neutral
my objective could be if he leans
more towards one thing for another thing but man
that he understands that things like this happen to him keep going
when I think that the south isn't like that
and I think surfing isn't like that